Thank you for downloading the ZOCOM Origin mission for Tiberium Essence.

Instructions on where to place the mission folder is on the download page on Mod DB.

Good luck, Commander.

RedDeadSmeg


Mission 1: Into Hell

"Congratulations on your recent promotion Commander Renteria.

The Firestorm Crisis is over, CABAL is no more and Slavik has died from a power struggle within Nod.
The Brotherhood is broken. While the various splinter groups fight amongst themeselves, GDI is starting to take the fight to Tiberium itself.

From you background, we understand you have experineced first hand the scars Tiberium leaves on Earth.
The Council believes you will be perfect for our first expedition into one of the worst affect areas on the planet.

Your mission is simple:

Guide you MCV from our supply outpost to the Forgotten camp in the west.
Ghost Stalker's clan has agreed to assist us as part of our renewed alliance and will be providing us with troops to clear the way of potential Nod activity.

Succeed, and we will be able to test our new technology from what we have extracted from the recovered Tacitus."

Objective:

Guide the MCV to the western Forgotten camp


Hints

You will encounter snipers on route, they will be able to scan for cloaked Nod units.

Your Juggernaut will destroy any defence with ease, should you keep it alive.




Mission 2: Dusk Hour

"Now that we have set up our base here, we can begin to see how far Tiberium has scarred the planet.

Our research into the Tacitus has shown us ways to hold off Tiberium enchroachemnt on organic life.
A prototype Zone Suit has been developed. Your Commando will test it while he explores deeper into hell.
Just like the Firestorm Crisis, we expect Tiberium wildlife to become hostile to us. Your Commando will shoot on sight to protect himself.

Find 3 points of interest in the area. We hope we can use what we find to turn the tide on the war against Tiberium."

Objective:

Find 3 points of interest

Your Commando MUST survive the mission

Await further orders in the area


Hints

Tiberium wildlife is hard to see amongst the crystals, be on your guard and zoom in.

Nod is not as broken as you think...



Mission 3: Zone-Out

"Our spies have located a strange Nod Structure in this area. The Council want you to capture it and determine it's purpose.

The Council has been impressed with your investigations and are debating the funding for the Reclamation agenda.
Now that Nod has been weakened, were can turn our attention towards eliminating Tiberium for good.

We must not underestimate Nod, however. If they learn of the Reclamation agenda, there is no doubt they will try to stop it at all costs."

Objective:

Capture the Tiberium Chemical Plant


Hints

Use the lake to your advantage.

Mission 3: Zone-Out

"Our spies have located a strange Nod Structure in this area. The Council want you to capture it and determine it's purpose.

The Council has been impressed with your investigations and are debating the funding for the Reclamation agenda.
Now that Nod has been weakened, were can turn our attention towards eliminating Tiberium for good.

We must not underestimate Nod, however. If they learn of the Reclamation agenda, there is no doubt they will try to stop it at all costs."

Objective:

Capture the Tiberium Chemical Plant


Hints

Use the lake to your advantage.



Mission 4: Trail of Tears?

"It's good to see you alive, Commander.

The GDI Council had planned to negotiate with Ghost Stalker over the Reclamation Agenda.
But since he decided to stab us in the back, we will force his clan and other mutants off the land.
Begin with a small force and eliminate the two mutant outposts guarding the 1st Reclamation Zone. You will be supported by a squadron of Firehawks for this task.
We will supply you with two MCVs once the path is clear. Build quickly, Ghost Stalker will be sure to attack you with everything he has."

Objective:

Destroy both Mutant outposts

Await further orders in the field.






--------------SPOILER FROM MISSION 4--------------

Mission 5: Shattered Dreams

"You did what you had to, Commander.

GDI's commitment to eradicating Tiberium is absolute. The Forgotten knew this.

For your actions the GDI Council are granting you command of the newest branch of the military.
Zone Operations Command (ZOCOM) will use weapons shown by the Tacitus to destroy Tiberium, one cystal at a time.

Evidence from the ruins of the mutant clans show that Nod has perfected their Divination mutagen.
Our spies indicate that Nod is mass producing the mutagen at a base on the edge of the Red Zone.
Due to the sensitive materials at the plants, destroying them is not an option.
Capture the plants and we can destroy the mutagens safely.

We must ensure that all data regarding Nod's Divination is destroyed. The data will most likely be located in the Temple of Nod itself. Find and capture it."

Objective:

Locate and capture all 3 Chemical Plants and the Temple of Nod

Hint:

Dispruptors are a double edged sword in this mission.




--------------ALTERNATIVE ENDING From MISSION 4--------------

"Elena Renteria, you deliberately disobeyed orders and sided with Ghost Stalker.
Becuase of your mutiny, you have been stripped of all command in the Red Zone.

The GDI Council would have had you arrested, but General Joshua Mitchell wants you to serve under him in the Steel Talons.
Be greatful that your talents have landing you a second chance."