Thank you for downloading the Act III Divine Camapaign.

Mission 1: Forgotten No More

2052. The Tacitus is ours. The Divine are one step away from achieving ascension and now...now we can stand out of the shadow and onto the world stage.
Only one thing is stopping us from beginning the final stage of Kane's plan:

Archon.

His rude awakening just before the Scrin invasion left him without a purpose until the ragged and worn-down Steel Talons gave him refuge.
Ultimately captured by ZOCOM, he has spent many year undoubtly tortured by the inhuman regime.
We must rescue him. His talents will not only aid us in the final battles, but also give him the chance to eradicate those who dared try to cut him down.

Objective 1: Ghost Stalker must survive

Objective 2: Scout for ZOCOM weaknesses

Objective 3: Gather 30,000 credits from Tiberium Spikes

Objective 4: Find Archon

Hints:

Your Umagon Sniper can target air and ground units.

Keep your Tiberium Spikes protected at all times.


Mission 2: Fools' Pursuit

Kane is pleased. Archon's knowledge of exploiting ZOCOM's aggressive nature will ensure that the Divine will survive the inevitable onslaught.
However, Archon himself is still recovering from ZOCOM's vile treatment of him. He is crying out for the Steel Talons, not knowing that the tarnished GDI old-guard are all but obsolete now.
He is still unsure of Ghost Stalker, he must sense that this Ghost is not his old friend.
Archon does not have a choice in who to trust though. All he has is the Divine and thirst for revenge against ZOCOM.
Death Dealer will bring Archon up to speed in time...but more pressing matters need to be addressed now.

GDI are assaulting LEGION's Core as we speak. LEGION is beginning to transfer to Kane's Tower in prepation for Ascension.
We must get the Tacitus to safety. GDI can not be allowed to reclaim it and prevent Kane from taking what is rightfully his.
Death Dealer senses that GDI is able to track the Tacitus because of the experiments they did in the Rocky Mountains.
If she is correct, it is essential that she uses Tratos' teachings to alter the Tacitus' signal.  



Objective 1: Archon and Ghost Stalker must survive

Objective 2: Ensure the Montauk reaches the safety of the Nod outpost

Objective 3: Protect the Montauk while Death Dealer changes the Tacitus' signal

Hints:

Use the fast repair support power to repair the Montauk quickly.

The best defence is a good offence.



Mission 3: Fading Echo

The Tacitus is safely with Kane at the Tower now. The final conflict with GDI is near. To prepare, we must cut off GDI's support forces before they can reinforce.

ZOCOM  control one of the last Blue Zones on Earth. Their city headquaters is well guarded by the few forces it has left.
These forces are elite, battle-hardened survivors. If we are to defeat them, we need the element of surprise on our side.
The city is far too fortifed for infiltration or assualt. The only means of tearing down the Zone Wall is to use ZOCOM's weapons against them.

The Kodiak that almost destroyed the Montauk has been located by Black Hand scouts.
It was far too damaged to make it into the city, so it has made an emergency landing just outside the wall.
3 Hijackers and a Mechanic are en route to take the Kodiak from ZOCOM. They will need your guidence to make it through ZOCOM patrols.
Once the Kodiak is in our hands, await further orders.

Death Dealer has spoken with Archon. He has finally stopped talking about the Steel Talons but he still does not trust Ghost Stalker.
Becuase of this, Death wants Ghost and Archon working together to unleash their anger upon ZOCOM and GDI.
SHe believes that by seeing each other brutally killing their foes, they will both form an understanding and eliminate any doubt of loyality.

Kane has promised Nod support to face GDI and Death Dealer will send her elite forces to combat ZOCOM's own. 
This will allow Ghost Stalker, and especially Archon, to exact revenge for the Forgotten clans and themselves.
Make our fallen brothers and sisters proud, Commander.

Objective 1: Get all 3 Hijackers and the Mechanic to the Kodiak

Await further orders


Hints:

Archon's and Ghost Stalker's health have been increased in this mission, but do not be careless with them.

Work together with Nod and the Divine reinforcements to make your job easier.

You will not control any AA units to begin with, but Death Dealer will provide you with some as the city burns.

If a particualy Airborne unit chases you (and you have no AA), try to lead it to Nod's Stealth Tanks as punishment.  


Known Issues: Ghost Stalker's C4 range is very large, meaning he will most likely run into danger and get himself killed.
              Save often, and make sure you keep a close eye on him, you could also set his stance to Hold Fire, but that has risks.



Mission 4: Mammoth Hunt

It all comes down to this.

The Steel Talons won't be taken down easily. While ZOCOM were overzealous, the Steel Talons used their experience...and Archon...to defeat the Scrin against all odds.
Do not underestimate them. They are determined to support the remaining GDI forces heading towards Kane's Tower.
Kane does not want us to fight them head on. Instead, we will copy LEGION's strategy when Nod reclaimed their stealth tech before the Third Tiberium War:
Arrive, complete your objective quickly and leave.

Our objective is to bring down the iconic Mammoth Walker. The last one of it's kind.
Rumour has it that the Steel Talons have upgraded the Mammoth Walker with new weaponary, making it an even greater threat.
If this rumour is true, you must use everything in your power to bring down the beast.

As Archon faught alongside the Steel Talons during the Scrin invasion, Death Dealer has sent him to 'reunite' with his allies.
No doubt that they will welcome him with open arms...and so, we will use their naivety to locate and destroy the Mammoth.

Ghost Stalker will be at Archon's side once again. The Steel Talons will not know his true identity, so they will see him as a Forgotten survivor.

Complete this, and you will have earned you place alongside Kane and Death Dealer. Kane's Tower calls to you, Commander. Do not fail us.


Objective 1: Destroy the last surviving Mammoth Walker: the MK IV


Hints:

Focus on taking out the Mammoth Walker. You will need to complete your mission before Kane recalls the Divine back to the Tower.