Thank you for downloading the Act III GDI Camapaign.

Mission 1: Last Chance

2052. The Tacitus is lost. Nod cyborgs, Black Hand and mainline forces overran the Tactius complex in the Rocky Mountains.

No matter how many times we bury Nod, they keep rising from the grave...even more blood thirsty and vicious than before.
Our only hope to release Earth from its Tiberium sickness is to continue studying the Tactius for a final cure.
The GDI Council has made finding and retaking the Tacitus priority one.

We have recieved a distress call from a ZOCOM base in Reclamation Zone 8. This base is attempting to track the Tacitus'
signal as we speak. Protect it at all costs.


Objective 1: Protect the Tacitus Tracking Station

Objective 2: Hold off the Nod assault

Await further orders.

Hint:

Focus on protecting the Tracking Station. Leave ZOCOM to defend the rest of the city.

The Tracking Station cannot be repaired, so be sure to have units defend it at all times.




Mission 2: Thunder Underground

We have it. We have the Tacitus' signal.

It's in the last place we would have expected it:

CABAL's Core.

During the Firestorm Crisis, humanity were on the brink of extinction from CABAL's Cyborg army.
Only through a combined effort by GDI and Nod were we able to overcome the odds and defeat the insane machine.

Now...now it seems Nod has rebuilt his core. Whether CABAL is 'alive' right now is of little importance.
We need the Tacitus back.

Our numbers are critically low and we cannot waste manpower.
We can only spare a small task force, make use of the plentiful Tiberium fields in the area to build up your army and push hard towards the core.
We will assess the best way to regain the Tacitus once you are close to the core's support base.
Failure is not an option.


Objective 1: Reach CABAL's Core.

Await further orders.

Hint:

Build plenty of Refineries and Harvesters early on, this is a Tiberium rich area. 



Mission 3: Secret Horizon

CABAL's Core was a disaster that we should have seen coming. Our forces were already depleted before the bomb went off.
Central Command has ordered a drastic change in strategy. Instead of relying on overwhelming force, we must focus on infiltration, sabotage and secrecy.
Yes, we are trying to use tactics that Nod has mastered. But we have no other choice.
We must try to save as many GDI lives as possible if we are to defeat Nod once and for all.

The Tacitus is lost. ZOCOM failed to defeat the mysterious new Nod forces while we tried to claim CABAL's Core.
Somehow the Tacitus' signal has changed, meaning we can no longer track it.

With all hope seemigly lost, ZOCOM reluctantly shared recordings of what they referred to as a so-called 'Divine'. They hoped it would shed light on Nod's plans.
This mutant was bloodied and bruised, forced to the brink of death at the hands of ZOCOM's cruel treatment.

The mutant cries:

'The Tactius calls to the Divine.
 18 fell for 1 to rise.
 They await on the other side.
 Look to the sky, one more time.'
  
Seemingly in a trance.

This happened not long after Nod stole the Tacitus from us. The mutant managed to escape ZOCOM's prison soon after.
'18 fell for 1 to rise' can only refer to one thing. Threshold 19.

We need more information on Nod's plans for the tower. A sniper team has spotted what it believes to be a Nod intelligence centre close to Threshold 19's location.
A new Commando unit has been dispathed to infiltrate the centre. Use him wisely, Commander.

Failure is not an option.



Objective 1: Find and Contact the Sniper Team

Await further orders.

Hint:

Avoid Obelisks at all costs.

Do not let the Commando and Sniper Team be overrun.

The Commando's new prototype weapon is not fully functional yet and is prone to jamming. If this happens, reposition the Commando and fire again.


Additional:
The Steel Talons, disbanded after their ZOCOM a few years ago, kept warning us about ZOCOM's secret war against the Forgotten.
Of course, we did not believe the Steel Talons becuase they were the aggressors against ZOCOM.
With ZOCOM's crimes coming to light, the Steel Talons showed us secret tapes made by Dr Giruad.
Seemingly, the GDI regime (prior to the Philadelphia tragedy) ordered ZOCOM to enter the worst Tiberium contaminated area on the planet with the intention of killing off the mutant inhabitants and forming a reclamation zone.
Unaware, the Forgotten clan under Ghost Stalker agreed to guide the newly forming ZOCOM through their home.
The 'Reclamation Agenda' leaked via an unknown source. The Forgotten attacked ZOCOM. Using self-defence as an excuse, ZOCOM wiped out the muntants.
The reports about the mutants going into self isolation...they were all cover-up stories to wipe the Forgotten's blood off GDI's hands.

This is a stain on our history. This is not what we fight for. Genocide is not our cause. If we were not so desperate for manpower, ZOCOM would be dismantled.
Instead, they will be confined to their Blue Zone headquaters while our outposts keep watch over them. When the time comes to face Nod one last time, they will be called to support us.

We have reinstated, and apologised to, the Steel Talons. We hope that their expierences with this 'Divine' man can aid us in the battles to come.  


Mission 4: Planet Caravan

The council had looked at Kane's plans regarding Threshold 19. They are afraid that Kane wants us to repeat what happened at Temple Prime during the Thrid Tiberium War.
However, we have no other options. An Ion Cannon strike will be the only weapon powerful enough to take out the tower.
Our scientists and engineers have been working around the clock in order to develop the Starbreaker Project.
Before the Tacitus being ripped from our hand by Nod, the device had shown us a way to break down tiberium crystals without impacting the environment.
The first step was the Sonic Emitter, the next is the Starbreaker.
Theoretically, an Ion Cannon can be fine tuned in order to cause a vibration that destablises and shatter Tiberium crystals.
Of course, we haven't had the chance to put this theory to the test.

Our Chilean space port is currently under siege by Nod and Divine forces.
They must not be allowed to overrun our main base here. If we lose this port, we lose Earth.

Once again, our numbers are low and our main force is defending the fort.
You will use the few units that can be spared in order to flank and caputure a Nod base.
Turn Kane's weapons against him, Commander. Show no mercy.

Objective 1: Capture the Nod Construction Yard and Operations Centre.

Await further orders in the field 