Thank you for downloading the Act II Steel Talons Camapaign.

RedDeadSmeg

Mission 1: Ghost of Sydney

It is clear that we must put our differences with ZOCOM aside.
Whoever these aliens are, it is clear that they are hellbent on destroying our major cities around the world.
One of the worst affected cities is Sydney. A few hours ago, GDI and Nod forces worked together in an attempt to evacuate civilians.
However, this attempt was brought to a ginding halt when Nod turned on GDI and used GDI's own nukes against them.

With the Sydney Garrison destroyed, the Aliens were freely able to move into Sydney and burn it to ashes.
We must take revenge for the city. Our scouts have tracked the Alien capital ships to Sydney Habour,
where our scouts believe the ships are awaiting repairs due to the GDI Firehawk onslaught.

Destroy the capital ships, destroy whatever is repairing them. show them no mercy.

Objective 1: Destroy all Alien units marked: 'Planetary Assault Carrier' and 'Devastor Warship'.

Objective 2: Destroy all Alien Structures marked: 'Gravity Stablisers'.


Mission 2: Threshold 17

We have word from GDI Central Command that the Aliens only attacked our cities as a means to draw our focus away from the Red Zones.
Intel suggests that the Aliens are building 19 structures that resemble towers across the planet.
General Granger has ordered that these towers be destroyed before completion.
The closest tower to us, in Australia, has be designated as '17'.
A GDI task force has already begun the siege. If we are fast enough, we can reinforce them and destroy the tower together.
We don't have any other intel at this point as the Aliens have slaugthered our scouts in the area.

We do not expect any Nod forces. They appear to have evacuated to Italy for reasons unknown.
This will allow you to focus solely on the Tower and the Aliens. Show no mercy.

Objective: Await for orders in the field. 


Mission 3: Otherworld

Archon dashed through the wormhole, intent on discovering the source of the alien reinforcements.
We can only hope he was able to overcome what awaited him on the other side.
We don't know what awaits us. But we hope that with Archon's help, we can defeat the aliens once and for all.

The GDI Council believes the aliens are all but beaten. 18 towers have fallen and GDI forces are closing in on Ground Zero.
The Council believes that Ground Zero houses a structure that supplies the aliens their lifeline.
We cannot allow the aliens to reinforce it.
If what we theorise about the other side is correct, we will be able to prevent the aliens from strengthening their dying army for good.
Show no mercy.

Objective: Await for orders in the field. 
